README.md, before:

# run-snapshot-tests

Runner for Python [inline-snapshot](https://github.com/15r10nk/inline-snapshot/) tests with a better interface and cleaner terminal output.

# Interface

```python

def run_snapshot_tests(
    path: Union[str, Path, None] = None, # tests path. Defaults to current file if not set
    mode: Literal[
        "assert", 
        "create_missing", 
        "fix_broken", 
        "update_all"
    ] = "create_missing",
) -> None:
```

# Example


```python
from inline_snapshot import outsource, snapshot
from run_snapshot_tests import run_snapshot_tests

def test():
    assert "value" == snapshot()
    assert 5 <= snapshot()
    assert 5 in snapshot()
    a = snapshot()
    assert a["key"] == "value"

    assert (
        outsource(
            "Long data" * 1000,
        )
        == snapshot()
    )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_snapshot_tests()
```

↓

```python
from inline_snapshot import outsource, snapshot
from run_snapshot_tests import run_snapshot_tests

from inline_snapshot import external


def test():
    assert "value" == snapshot('value')
    assert 5 <= snapshot(5)
    assert 5 in snapshot([5])
    a = snapshot({'key': 'value'})
    assert a["key"] == "value"

    assert (
        outsource(
            "Long data" * 1000,
        )
        == snapshot(external("hash:dc9b148c966a*.txt"))
    )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_snapshot_tests()

```

Commit message:

feat: dowgrade inline-snapshot to 0.8.0, where everything worked better

README.md, after:

# run-snapshot-tests

Runner for Python [inline-snapshot](https://github.com/15r10nk/inline-snapshot/) tests with a better interface and cleaner terminal output.

Note: requires `inline-snapshot==0.8.0`. No plans to update to newer versions for now, this works just fine with a couple of monkey-patched fixes.

# Interface

```python

def run_snapshot_tests(
    path: Union[str, Path, None] = None, # tests path. Defaults to current file if not set
    mode: Literal[
        "assert", 
        "create_missing", 
        "fix_broken", 
        "update_all"
    ] = "create_missing",
) -> None:
```

# Example


```python
from inline_snapshot import outsource, snapshot
from run_snapshot_tests import run_snapshot_tests

def test():
    assert "value" == snapshot()
    assert 5 <= snapshot()
    assert 5 in snapshot()
    a = snapshot()
    assert a["key"] == "value"

    assert (
        outsource(
            "Long data" * 1000,
        )
        == snapshot()
    )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_snapshot_tests()
```

↓

```python
from inline_snapshot import outsource, snapshot
from run_snapshot_tests import run_snapshot_tests

from inline_snapshot import external


def test():
    assert "value" == snapshot('value')
    assert 5 <= snapshot(5)
    assert 5 in snapshot([5])
    a = snapshot({'key': 'value'})
    assert a["key"] == "value"

    assert (
        outsource(
            "Long data" * 1000,
        )
        == snapshot(external("hash:dc9b148c966a*.txt"))
    )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_snapshot_tests()

```
